Update 102-javascript-datatypes (#1562)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/102-javascript-datatypes/readme.md

> # Javascript datatypes
> 
> The set of types in the JavaScript language consists of primitive values and objects.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Data_structures'>JavaScript data types and data structures</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_datatypes.asp'>JavaScript Data Types</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Datatypes

Data type refers to the type of data that a JavaScript variable can hold. There are eight basic data types in JavaScript.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Data_structures'>JavaScript data types and data structures</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_datatypes.asp'>JavaScript Data Types</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/types'>JavaScript Data Types</BadgeLink>
```
